<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2014, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic2261" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>HPE Helion CloudSystem</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta content="default" name="layout"/></metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>HPE Helion CloudSystem delivers an enterprise private cloud in
HPE Converged Infrastructure environments. HPE Helion CloudSystem
is available as standalone software that supports a multiple vendor
hardware environment or as an integrated infrastructure with HPE ConvergedSystem.</p>
<p>Helion CloudSystem 9.0 Update 1 is a patch kit that is applied
to an existing installation of Helion CloudSystem 9.0. You can obtain
the update from the <xref
href="https://h20392.www2.hpe.com/portal/swdepot/index.do">Software
Depot</xref>.   </p>
<p>HPE Helion CloudSystem consists of two offerings. </p>
<ul>
<li><p>HPE Helion CloudSystem Foundation is based on the HPE Helion
OpenStack distribution of OpenStack cloud software and includes Helion
Development Platform and DNS as a Service. </p></li>
<li><p>HPE Helion CloudSystem Enterprise expands on CloudSystem Foundation
through the addition of HPE Cloud Service Automation and HPE Operations
Orchestration. CloudSystem Enterprise automates the integration of
servers, storage, networking, security, and monitoring capabilities
throughout the infrastructure service delivery lifecycle of a virtualized
data center.</p></li>
</ul>
<p>HPE Helion CloudSystem Enterprise offers additional design tools
and provider integration, including OpenStack, HPE OneView, and Amazon
Web Services through HPE Helion Eucalyptus. With the Marketplace Portal,
users have secure access to these services. </p>
<section id="documentation-library"><title>Documentation Library</title
>   <p>The HPE Helion CloudSystem Documentation Library provides the
most up-to-date version of CSA documents available on the <xref
format="html" href="http://softwaresupport.hp.com/" type="external"
>HPE Software Support Portal</xref>. The table below shows all documents
released to support the HPE Helion CloudSystem 9.0 Update 1 release..</p
>      <p><b>HPE Helion CloudSystem Documents</b></p>   <table>
<tgroup cols="3"><colspec colname="DocumentName" colnum="1"/><colspec
colname="4.00" colnum="2"/><colspec colname="Comment" colnum="3"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry nameend="Comment" namest="DocumentName" outputclass="lightgrey"
><b>Getting Started</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Network Planning Guide</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04863525"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry>Read Before Installation!</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Support Matrix</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04863602"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry>Read Before Installation!</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Release Notes</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04863570"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry>Read Before Installation!</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="Comment" namest="DocumentName" outputclass="lightgrey"
><b>Installation and Migration Guides</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Software Installation Overview</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04220389"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry>Read Before Installation!</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Installation Guide</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04818302"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Migration Guide (8.1 U2 to 9.0 U1)</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04863625"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="Comment" namest="DocumentName" outputclass="lightgrey"
><b>User Guides</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Administrator Guide</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04818287"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="Comment" namest="DocumentName" outputclass="lightgrey"
><b>Help</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Operations Console Help</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h17007.www1.hpe.com/docs/enterprise/converged/cloudsystem/9.0/webhelp/content/index.html"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="Comment" namest="DocumentName" outputclass="lightgrey"
><b>Reference Guides</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>CLI Guide</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04818301"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Troubleshooting Guide</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04863616"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="Comment" namest="DocumentName" outputclass="lightgrey"
><b>White Papers</b></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Backup-as-a-Service with HP Helion CloudSystem Enterprise:
Integrating HP LiveVault Service with OpenStack technology</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20195.www2.hpe.com/V2/GetDocument.aspx?docname=4AA6-2799ENW&amp;cc=us&amp;lc=en"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Backup-as-a Service with HP Helion CloudSystem Enterprise:
Integrating HP LiveVault Service with Cloud Service Automation</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20195.www2.hpe.com/V2/GetDocument.aspx?docname=4AA5-9145ENW&amp;cc=us&amp;lc=en"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Configuring HP CloudSystem to Use an HP Operations Orchestration
Remote Action Server (RAS)</entry>
<entry><xref format="html"
href="http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/kb/docDisplay/?docId=c04419948"
type="external">go</xref></entry>
<entry></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table> </section>
<section><title>Additional Information</title>   <p><b>Online Documentation</b
></p>     <p>To check for recent updates or to verify that you are
using the most recent edition of a document, go to: <xref format="html"
href="https://softwaresupport.hp.com" type="external">https://softwaresupport.hp.com</xref
></p>     <note outputclass="lightgrey">If you have reached this library,
you have already signed in with your HPE Passport credentials. You
can also receive updated documentation if you subscribe to the appropriate
product support service. Contact your HPE sales representative for
details. See Document Change Notes within the document for a list
of any revisions. </note>   </section>
<section><title>Support</title>   <p>You can visit the HPE Software
Support web site at: <xref format="html"
href="https://softwaresupport.hp.com/" type="external">https://softwaresupport.hp.com/</xref
></p>   <p>This web site provides contact information and details
about the products, services, and support that HPE offers.     Most
of the support areas require that you register as an HPE Passport
user and sign in. Many also require an active support contract. To
find more information about support access levels, go to:    </p> 
 <p><xref format="html"
href="https://softwaresupport.hp.com/web/softwaresupport/access-levels"
type="external">https://softwaresupport.hp.com/web/softwaresupport/access-levels</xref
></p>   <p>To register for an HPE Passport ID, go to: <xref
format="html" href=" https://ovrd.external.hp.com/rd/register"
type="external"> https://ovrd.external.hp.com/rd/register</xref></p
></section>
</body>
</topic>
